introducing Macintosh it does all the
things you'd expect a business computer
to do it does a lot of things you
wouldn't expect a business computer to
do and it does some things no other
business computer has ever done before
of course to do all of this you will
have to learn to do this Macintosh the
computer for the rest of us the
development of Macintosh by Apple has
been paralleled by the work of leading
software developers it's a great machine
it's a step forward in terms of the way
it uses graphics and the speed this is a
machine that a lot of people are gonna
be able to afford that's a very very
useful machine I was enthused Microsoft
doesn't work with new new hardware very
often but we put a team of people on it
from the beginning and we're planning
that over half of our retail sales next
year will come from from Macintosh
software at the back of Macintosh you'll
find two built-in ports for connecting a
printer a modem or to Apple bus Apple's
own local area network as well as a
dedicated port for an external disk
drive the image writer printer from
Apple is specially designed for
Macintosh by plugging a modem into your
Macintosh you can communicate by
telephone with electronic databases and
news services you can also emulate deck
vt100 and IBM 3270 eight terminals you
can expand the storage capacity of your
Macintosh with an external disk drive
just like the one we built in and if you
work with lots of numbers you'll
appreciate the optional numeric keypad
and when you're ready to travel
Macintosh can easily go along the
durable carrying case is strong and
waterproof your Macintosh keyboard mouse
manuals and software all fit neatly
inside
even fully loaded the carrying case is
light enough to go anywhere you go the
real genius of Macintosh the world's
newest personal computer isn't it's
32-bit microprocessor or it's Lisa
technology or that it captures the power
of a mainframe on a board 10 by 10
inches or even that it costs half as
much as computers half as powerful the
real genius of Macintosh is that you
don't have to be a genius to use it
Macintosh the computer for the rest of
us
[Music]